Update troubleshooting.mdx (#34)
pelican-dev/docs: docs/troubleshooting.mdx

# Troubleshooting
## Panel errors

* `502 Bad Gateway Error` or some code in plain text you either didn't install php-fpm or set the wrong version in your webserver vhost.
* `500 | SERVER ERROR` or `An unexpected error was encountered while processing this request` you have to check your panel logs by running the following command.

> * `CSRF token mismatch` you are most likely using HTTP instead of HTTPS in `APP_URL` or you didn't force `SESSION_SECURE_COOKIE` to false while using HTTP.

Reviewer: Please move the 502 error and CSRF error to the "common errors" section. The introductory text should stay.

```sh
tail -n 100 /var/www/pelican/storage/logs/laravel-$(date +%F).log | grep "\[$(date +%Y)"
```

> If it returns `The MAC is invalid` make sure that your `APP_KEY` matchs your database, if its a clean install just clear it then re run `php artisan p:environment:setup`

Reviewer: Same here. Move to "common errors".

Some common errors in the wings logs are:

* `open /etc/letsencrypt/live/_____________/fullchain.pem: no such file or directory`: The SSL certificate for wings is missing, see [this guide](./guides/ssl) for creating a SSL certificate.

> * `response from daemon: Pool overlaps with other one on this address space` : You already have a docker network using the 172.18.0.0/16 subnet please edit your config file or remove it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Pool overlaps with other one on this address space` : You already have a docker network using the default subnet. (`172.18.0.0/16`) Change the subnet in your wings config file and use `systemctl stop wings && docker network rm pelican_nw && systemctl start wings` to apply the change.
```
